Add support for automatically looking into Python install prefix even without setting any env variable (#20)
ami-iit/resolve-robotics-uri-py: README.md

)
~~~

## Details on how files are searched

> You can find the detail how `resolve-robotics-uri-py`  find files in the [rru_spec.md](rru_spec.md) file.

Reviewer: Minor typo
```suggestion
You can find the details on how `resolve-robotics-uri-py` find files in the [rru_spec.md](rru_spec.md) file.
```
